greetings fellow guitar travelers as for
energy partner here once again with an R
lack of the week now on last week's like
of the week we don't a randy rhoads
influence then spire black and randy is
far too good an influential a player to
leave at that so we're going to do
another lek based on his playing this
time we're going to explore some of this
legato playing so late my promise not to
meet like ever be too impossibly
difficult and we won't pay the temple so
high but it will be and say and to hope
to develop legato playing and there's
some of the things that Randy used and
his sores again you want to check out
mr. Crowley great example of these sorts
of ideas and actual work yes that's why
I recommend you do before we get to lick
and like to encourage you to head on
over to my website which is
www.hyken.com on that site most of which
is free and you can download a lot of it
there's also a shot if you feel inclined
to buy things alright let's get right
down to it lick of the week more of the
incredible mr. Ronnie Ross
short and sweet but there we have it
okay well we hope you enjoyed that and
just to say that Randy Rhoads was
probably the first properly good
electric guitar player I have after you
put your tougher a year I haven't play
and I just was blown away with what you
could do never had anything like that at
all before and a major early influence
so all homage to him he is a pivotal
figure in the development of advanced
rock guitar playing so let's look at
this lick this little gap to lick so
first of all I'll go ahead and show you
the two separate scale fragments that
comprise the lek here's the first one
sounds like and then second one and this
is based on an idea which i like to call
me rod octaves which sounds very
complicated all it means is that we're
going to take a 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 notes and then just play them an
octave higher so let me give you the
precise verbal tab for each mirror dr.
here's the first one it's Louie one then
35 a 135 d 2 35 and g 2 35 that's our
first octave and here's a second doctor
on the D string D 3 5 7 g 3 5 7 and then
be five six eight and then how you buy
sex aids alright so that's a second one
okie dokie now the articulation here as
all hammer on so we're going to deal
with this as we pack the first note and
I'm going to hammer down at the other
two notes so it's pet power hammer peck
our power tech hammer
Hama Hama and so on so when you play it
quickly it should come out sounding like
a semi quiver triplet Billy Billy Billy
Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy
Billy Billy Billy well you may find
initially as if you're unfamiliar with
how neurons you'll find you'll rush the
hammer or not sound like Billa Billa
Billa Billa Billa so be very careful not
to do that also don't pick too hard and
try and make the notes that you hammer
on roughly the same volume as the notes
that you Peck so all sounds pretty much
of one dynamic so that's something to be
mindful of and the other thing to point
out is really the fingering who
obviously the very beginning it's quite
a wide stretch and again you're not
familiar with this sort of expansion
I'll probably feel quite uncomfortable
but the way I'm fingering that is finger
one then finger to them finger for and
then the same on the a string 124 I call
its interval a way stretch or just a
stretchy so you ever hear me calling at
stretchy again you know what I mean why
stretch and then it's just conventional
one finger per fret for the g and g
strings as fingers one two four one two
four so fingering for the first off term
it's always seemed fingering actually 12
for 12 for 12 for 124 we move into the
same golf it's the same again it's 12
for 12 for 12 for 24 alright and that's
how you play that particular part I said
not to be difficult to grasp you just
really have to work on the articulation
of little bets to try and make sure it
sounds nice and even like a triplet
diddily diddily diddily diddily annoying
sound like give me give me give me give
me really doing doing which is something
that's you just get into hammer-ons and
pull-offs that's what happens it doesn't
sound even alright lights are on and
let's just show you very briefly the
whole thing at the end which is nothing
really just put the end as a way of
resolving the line and playing high 10
detain g10 and then this little pull
hammer-on and pull-off pick up the
ornament really should they often and
that is some on the g string we're going
to go g9 1097 ok and peck functional
hammer-on pull-off pool
see this little thing is a great left
hand exercise in and of itself which I
show you on one of my league artful
videos so interesting and this software
sailor playing just to briefly plug one
of my videos I have a video which is all
about the gasoline which is called
hammer time part of the pecking
impossible for the licking importable
series of videos I do which is all about
developing left hand dexterity for the
sort of legato plane which is also cool
so this is just a brief test that
they're sort of playing and this is how
I initially started to develop / legato
playing through hearing Randy so like
seeing major influence and your hats off
to me was one of the true greats well
that wraps up for this week's length of
the week very short and sweet if you
want to get in touch with me otherwise
apart from looking at the website you
can get touched me on facebook facebook
page is roaming j parker which can like
if you like I'm on some clothes at
rowing dash Parker you can find me on
Twitter at Roman G Parker I'm on YouTube
of course because your watch here it's a
youtube channel is Rho ng Parker and
don't forget the website w WN j parker
so I snowboarding you is basically
roaming Jay Parker blood of a lot
anything all right well you better kill
and enjoy this one from endlessly may
even do another Randy like next week
because there's just so much cool stuff
you dead alright well thank you very
much you know G Parker our farewell